javascript/general: add general automated comments (#1140)
exercism/website-copy: automated-comments/javascript/general/no_parameter.md

> The function `%<function.name>s` requires a parameter.

Author: ```suggestion
The function `%{function.name}` requires a parameter.
```

> The function `%<function.name>s` does not have a parameter.

Reviewer: ```diff
- The function `%<function.name>s` does not have a parameter.
+ The function `%<function.name>s` requires a parameter.
```

Author: ```suggestion
The function `%<function.name>s` requires a parameter.
```
